1.	We seek to build an interactive visualization that will allow home buyers to understand what amenities(i.e. restaurant proximity, school rankings) are driving the value of specific houses.
2.	Current practice is focused is either focused on predicting a homes value based on its neighborhood peers and quality(Zillow) or focused on the impact of macro economic factors on housing prices. The information provided by zillow and other similar tools falls short in providing home buyers the information needed to find the best valued home for their specific needs. For instance, 2 homes with identical zestimates likely derive that value through completely different amenities (i.e. house A is in a top school district, but it is far from public transportation and highly rated restaurants whereas house B is in a poor school district but is within walking distance to multiple 5 star restaurants and other entertainment).
3.	Ordinary consumers should be more focused on what they are getting for their money,  and what trade offs they might need to make if they don’t have enough purchasing power to buy their perfect house.   Our approach will use statistical techniques that cross reference multiple data sources to build a model of a houses value based on amenity.  It will be successful because this is the information consumers actual want and need when making a house decision.
4.	Price sensitive home buyers who only want to pay for the amenities that are most important to them personally will be most impacted by this tools capabilities.
5.	The impact of this project will be a shift in the way homebuyers budget for a house from a single, opaque home value to a more detailed plan of how much they are willing to spend per amenity.
6.	 The main payoff is increased transparency in the home buying process. The main risk is that we will not be able to distinguish a big enough difference in the component price of homes in various neighborhoods to make it worth the user switching tools.
7.	[Discuss with group]
8.	We will build a prototype of the tool for a single metropolitan area over the next few months. Full implementation could take a year or longer
9.	[Discuss with group. I think we need to more clearly define a goal. Is it to reduce the time it takes to buy a home? Reduce home turnover rate (meaning how many years until the same home is sold again) or is it something else]
